What are you, Mr. Zhen Shuai?
You asked me to marry you
Do you think you deserve it?
What do you mean?
I mean, get the hell out of here as far as you can
The daughter next door I want to marry is him
Lin Binjiao what?
Of course you proposed to him
He is also the daughter of the neighbor
He's not.
He has been expelled from the Lin family by my grandfather.
I told you to get out of here, didn't you hear me?
You stinky grim reaper
How dare you hit me?
I not only dare to hit you
And send you to the dark prison
Did Luo Haotian hear it?
He is a handsome person.
You drag him down for me
Don't say anymore
I was wrong, you are the best man in my heart
I would like to marry you.
Stay alive.
No.
I heard you wanted to arrest me.
I have no eyes
But that's for you.
But forgive me, dear.
You are the governor of the party
Since this murder
Bullying
How do you want me to forgive you?
Forgive you, Dashan
Take him down with me